= WYMeditor: what you see is What You Mean web-based editor (for Ruby on Rails)

Not much to say so far - I was tired of adding wymeditor manually.

This gem simply installs wymeditor plus convenience helpers for Rails 3.

== Usage

Add 'wymeditor' to your Gemfile and run 'rails g wymeditor:install'

This will copy wymeditors javascript files to public/javascript/ and add a
wymeditor_helper.rb to app/helpers/ that you can use for conveniently 
initializing it.

Add <%=raw wymeditor_initialize %> to your layouts <head> section.

Add the 'wymeditor' class to all textareas that you want wymeditor to handle.
The 'wymupdate' class is added to all submit inputs automatically.

And you're done.

== Requirements

You'll need jquery (https://github.com/indirect/jquery-rails)
This gem will not attempt to install jquery for you.

Your application needs to be Rails 3+

== Updates

WYMeditor stable updates are infrequent and it is unlikely that you need to
update it. If you must, simply overwrite your public/javascripts/wymeditor.

I'll package this gem with every stable version being released, carrying the
same version as its WYMeditor.

If you upgrade the gem, re-run 'rails g wymeditor:install'

== Copyright

wymeditor gem (c) 2010 Marian Rudzynski. Licensed as whatever wymeditor is
licensed.

WYMeditor (c) 2005 - 2009 Jean-Francois Hovinne, http://www.wymeditor.org/
Dual licensed under the MIT (MIT-license.txt)
and GPL (GPL-license.txt) licenses.

Partially based on https://github.com/sbwoodside/wym_editor_helper
(which is what you could use if you're still using Rails 2.x)